README.md, before:

# WayPlot

This project was generated using [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 20.3.9.

# Project Setup
## Prerequisites
Before you begin, ensure you have the following installed on your machine:
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (version 14.x or later)
- [Angular CLI](https://angular.io/cli) (version 20.3.9)
- A package manager like [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) (comes with Node.js) or [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)
## Run
1. npm install
2. npm run start
3. Open http://localhost:4200/ in your browser


---


## Development server

To start a local development server, run:

```bash
ng serve
```

Once the server is running, open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload whenever you modify any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Angular CLI includes powerful code scaffolding tools. To generate a new component, run:

```bash
ng generate component component-name
```

For a complete list of available schematics (such as `components`, `directives`, or `pipes`), run:

```bash
ng generate --help
```

## Building

To build the project run:

```bash
ng build
```

This will compile your project and store the build artifacts in the `dist/` directory. By default, the production build optimizes your application for performance and speed.

## Running unit tests

To execute unit tests with the [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io) test runner, use the following command:

```bash
ng test
```

## Running end-to-end tests

For end-to-end (e2e) testing, run:

```bash
ng e2e
```

Angular CLI does not come with an end-to-end testing framework by default. You can choose one that suits your needs.

## Additional Resources

For more information on using the Angular CLI, including detailed command references, visit the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.dev/tools/cli) page.

Commit message:

feat: add environment configuration instructions and create .env.sample file

README.md, after:

# WayPlot

This project was generated using [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 20.3.9.

# Project Setup
## Prerequisites
Before you begin, ensure you have the following installed on your machine:
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (version 14.x or later)
- [Angular CLI](https://angular.io/cli) (version 20.3.9)
- A package manager like [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) (comes with Node.js) or [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)
## Environment Setup
- Create a file named `.env` in the root directory of the project.
- Add fields `ASP_API_URL` and `DJANGO_API_URL` with the respective API URLs as their values.
- Refer to the `.env.example` file for guidance on how to structure the `.env` file.
## Run
1. npm install
2. npm run start
3. Open http://localhost:4200/ in your browser


---


## Development server

To start a local development server, run:

```bash
ng serve
```

Once the server is running, open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload whenever you modify any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Angular CLI includes powerful code scaffolding tools. To generate a new component, run:

```bash
ng generate component component-name
```

For a complete list of available schematics (such as `components`, `directives`, or `pipes`), run:

```bash
ng generate --help
```

## Building

To build the project run:

```bash
ng build
```

This will compile your project and store the build artifacts in the `dist/` directory. By default, the production build optimizes your application for performance and speed.

## Running unit tests

To execute unit tests with the [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io) test runner, use the following command:

```bash
ng test
```

## Running end-to-end tests

For end-to-end (e2e) testing, run:

```bash
ng e2e
```

Angular CLI does not come with an end-to-end testing framework by default. You can choose one that suits your needs.

## Additional Resources

For more information on using the Angular CLI, including detailed command references, visit the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.dev/tools/cli) page.
